generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; print
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 32 bytes for heap
subnet_tool.c:__subnet_sort_by line 1141 Allocated 416 Kbytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; sort
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 32 bytes for heap
subnet_tool.c:__subnet_sort_by line 1141 Allocated 416 Kbytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; sort
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 48 bytes for heap
subnet_tool.c:__subnet_sort_by line 1141 Allocated 416 Kbytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; sort
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; print
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; print
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; print
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 1248 bytes for subnet_file
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; subnetcmp
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 1248 bytes for subnet_file
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; subnetcmp
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; compare
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; compare
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; missing
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 18 Kbytes for subnet_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 1488 bytes for heap
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; uniq
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 1248 bytes for subnet_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 96 bytes for heap
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; uniq
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 1488 bytes for heap
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 18 Kbytes for subnet_file
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; common
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 96 bytes for heap
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_simplify line 491 Allocated 1248 bytes for struct route
subnet_tool.c:aggregate_route_file line 630 Allocated 1248 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; subnetagg
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 80 bytes for heap
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_simplify line 491 Allocated 1040 bytes for struct route
subnet_tool.c:aggregate_route_file line 630 Allocated 1040 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; subnetagg
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
st_routes_csv.c:netcsv_endofline_callback line 223 Reallocated 832 Kbytes for struct route
st_routes_csv.c:netcsv_endofline_callback line 223 Reallocated 1664 Kbytes for struct route
st_routes_csv.c:netcsv_endofline_callback line 223 Reallocated 3328 Kbytes for struct route
st_routes_csv.c:netcsv_endofline_callback line 223 Reallocated 6656 Kbytes for struct route
st_routes_csv.c:netcsv_endofline_callback line 223 Reallocated 13 Mbytes for struct route
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 781 Kbytes for heap
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_simplify line 491 Allocated 10156 Kbytes for struct route
subnet_tool.c:aggregate_route_file line 630 Allocated 10156 Kbytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; subnetagg
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 88 bytes for heap
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_simplify line 491 Allocated 1144 bytes for struct route
subnet_tool.c:aggregate_route_file line 630 Allocated 1144 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; routeagg
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 88 bytes for heap
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_simplify line 491 Allocated 1144 bytes for struct route
subnet_tool.c:aggregate_route_file line 630 Allocated 1144 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; routeagg
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 64 bytes for heap
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_simplify line 491 Allocated 832 bytes for struct route
subnet_tool.c:aggregate_route_file line 630 Allocated 832 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; routeagg
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 1448 bytes for heap
subnet_tool.c:route_file_simplify line 541 Allocated 18 Kbytes for struct route
subnet_tool.c:route_file_simplify line 546 Allocated 18 Kbytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; routesimplify1
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 1448 bytes for heap
subnet_tool.c:route_file_simplify line 541 Allocated 18 Kbytes for struct route
subnet_tool.c:route_file_simplify line 546 Allocated 18 Kbytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; routesimplify2
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 112 bytes for heap
subnet_tool.c:route_file_simplify line 541 Allocated 1456 bytes for struct route
subnet_tool.c:route_file_simplify line 546 Allocated 1456 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; routesimplify1
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 112 bytes for heap
subnet_tool.c:route_file_simplify line 541 Allocated 1456 bytes for struct route
subnet_tool.c:route_file_simplify line 546 Allocated 1456 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; routesimplify2
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 96 bytes for heap
subnet_tool.c:__subnet_sort_by line 1141 Allocated 416 Kbytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; sort
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 104 bytes for heap
subnet_tool.c:__subnet_sort_by line 1141 Allocated 416 Kbytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; sortby
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 104 bytes for heap
subnet_tool.c:__subnet_sort_by line 1141 Allocated 416 Kbytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; sortby
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 104 bytes for heap
subnet_tool.c:__subnet_sort_by line 1141 Allocated 416 Kbytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; sortby
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 104 bytes for heap
subnet_tool.c:route_file_simplify line 541 Allocated 1352 bytes for struct route
subnet_tool.c:route_file_simplify line 546 Allocated 1352 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; routesimplify1
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 104 bytes for heap
subnet_tool.c:route_file_simplify line 541 Allocated 1352 bytes for struct route
subnet_tool.c:route_file_simplify line 546 Allocated 1352 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; routesimplify2
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 80 bytes for heap
subnet_tool.c:__subnet_sort_by line 1141 Allocated 416 Kbytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; sort
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 72 bytes for heap
subnet_tool.c:__subnet_sort_by line 1141 Allocated 416 Kbytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; sort
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 48 bytes for heap
subnet_tool.c:__subnet_sort_by line 1141 Allocated 416 Kbytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; sort
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; removesubnet
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; removesubnet
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; removesubnet
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; removesubnet
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; removesubnet
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; removesubnet
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; removesubnet
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; removesubnet
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; split
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; split
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; split
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; exprtest
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; exprtest
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; exprtest
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; exprtest
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; exprtest
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; exprtest
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; exprtest
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; exprtest
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; exprtest
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; exprtest
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; exprtest
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; exprtest
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; exprtest
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; exprtest
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; exprtest
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; exprtest
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; exprtest
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; exprtest
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; exprtest
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; exprtest
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; exprtest
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; exprtest
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; exprtest
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_filter line 1318 Allocated 936 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; filter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_filter line 1318 Allocated 936 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; filter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_filter line 1318 Allocated 936 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; filter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_filter line 1318 Allocated 936 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; filter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_filter line 1318 Allocated 936 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; filter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_filter line 1318 Allocated 936 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; filter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_filter line 1318 Allocated 936 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; filter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_filter line 1318 Allocated 936 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; filter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_filter line 1318 Allocated 936 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; filter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_filter line 1318 Allocated 936 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; filter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_filter line 1318 Allocated 936 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; filter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_filter line 1318 Allocated 936 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; filter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_filter line 1318 Allocated 936 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; filter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_filter line 1318 Allocated 936 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; filter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_filter line 1318 Allocated 936 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; filter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_filter line 1318 Allocated 936 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; filter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_filter line 1318 Allocated 936 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; filter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_filter line 1318 Allocated 624 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; filter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_filter line 1318 Allocated 624 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; filter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_filter line 1318 Allocated 624 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; filter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_filter line 1318 Allocated 624 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; filter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
subnet_tool.c:subnet_file_filter line 1318 Allocated 624 bytes for struct route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; filter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 384 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_bgp_file line 392 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_file
bgp_tool.c:bgp_file_filter line 515 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; bgpfilter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 384 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_bgp_file line 392 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_file
bgp_tool.c:bgp_file_filter line 515 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; bgpfilter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 384 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_bgp_file line 392 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_file
bgp_tool.c:bgp_file_filter line 515 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; bgpfilter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 384 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_bgp_file line 392 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_file
bgp_tool.c:bgp_file_filter line 515 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; bgpfilter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 384 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_bgp_file line 392 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_file
bgp_tool.c:bgp_file_filter line 515 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; bgpfilter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 384 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_bgp_file line 392 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_file
bgp_tool.c:bgp_file_filter line 515 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; bgpfilter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 384 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_bgp_file line 392 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_file
bgp_tool.c:bgp_file_filter line 515 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; bgpfilter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 384 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_bgp_file line 392 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_file
bgp_tool.c:bgp_file_filter line 515 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; bgpfilter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 384 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_bgp_file line 392 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_file
bgp_tool.c:bgp_file_filter line 515 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; bgpfilter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 384 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_bgp_file line 392 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_file
bgp_tool.c:bgp_file_filter line 515 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; bgpfilter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 384 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_bgp_file line 392 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_file
bgp_tool.c:bgp_file_filter line 515 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; bgpfilter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 384 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_bgp_file line 392 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_file
bgp_tool.c:bgp_file_filter line 515 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; bgpfilter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 384 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_bgp_file line 392 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_file
bgp_tool.c:bgp_file_filter line 515 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; bgpfilter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 384 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_bgp_file line 392 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_file
bgp_tool.c:bgp_file_filter line 515 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; bgpfilter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 384 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_bgp_file line 392 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_file
bgp_tool.c:bgp_file_filter line 515 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; bgpfilter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 192 bytes for CSV Field
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 30 Allocated 759 Kbytes for ipam_file
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 38 Allocated 48 bytes for ipam_ea
ipam.c:ipam_file_filter line 331 Allocated 576 bytes for struct ipam_line
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; ipamfilter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 192 bytes for CSV Field
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 30 Allocated 759 Kbytes for ipam_file
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 38 Allocated 48 bytes for ipam_ea
ipam.c:ipam_file_filter line 331 Allocated 576 bytes for struct ipam_line
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; ipamfilter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 192 bytes for CSV Field
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 30 Allocated 759 Kbytes for ipam_file
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 38 Allocated 48 bytes for ipam_ea
ipam.c:ipam_file_filter line 331 Allocated 576 bytes for struct ipam_line
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; ipamfilter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 256 bytes for CSV Field
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 30 Allocated 759 Kbytes for ipam_file
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 38 Allocated 96 bytes for ipam_ea
ipam.c:ipam_file_filter line 331 Allocated 576 bytes for struct ipam_line
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; ipamfilter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 256 bytes for CSV Field
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 30 Allocated 759 Kbytes for ipam_file
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 38 Allocated 96 bytes for ipam_ea
ipam.c:ipam_file_filter line 331 Allocated 576 bytes for struct ipam_line
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; ipamfilter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 224 bytes for CSV Field
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 30 Allocated 759 Kbytes for ipam_file
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 38 Allocated 72 bytes for ipam_ea
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; getea
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 192 bytes for CSV Field
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 30 Allocated 759 Kbytes for ipam_file
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 38 Allocated 48 bytes for ipam_ea
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; getea
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 160 bytes for CSV Field
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 30 Allocated 759 Kbytes for ipam_file
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 38 Allocated 24 bytes for ipam_ea
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; getea
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 192 bytes for CSV Field
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 30 Allocated 759 Kbytes for ipam_file
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 38 Allocated 48 bytes for ipam_ea
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; getea
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 192 bytes for CSV Field
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 30 Allocated 759 Kbytes for ipam_file
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 38 Allocated 48 bytes for ipam_ea
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; getea
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 192 bytes for CSV Field
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 30 Allocated 759 Kbytes for ipam_file
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 38 Allocated 48 bytes for ipam_ea
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; getea
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 192 bytes for CSV Field
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 30 Allocated 759 Kbytes for ipam_file
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 38 Allocated 48 bytes for ipam_ea
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 672 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_subnet_file line 32 Allocated 416 Kbytes for subnet_file
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; getea
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 160 bytes for CSV Field
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 30 Allocated 759 Kbytes for ipam_file
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 38 Allocated 24 bytes for ipam_ea
ipam.c:ipam_file_filter line 331 Allocated 576 bytes for struct ipam_line
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; ipamfilter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 160 bytes for CSV Field
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 30 Allocated 759 Kbytes for ipam_file
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 38 Allocated 24 bytes for ipam_ea
ipam.c:ipam_file_filter line 331 Allocated 576 bytes for struct ipam_line
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; ipamfilter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 160 bytes for CSV Field
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 30 Allocated 759 Kbytes for ipam_file
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 38 Allocated 24 bytes for ipam_ea
ipam.c:ipam_file_filter line 331 Allocated 576 bytes for struct ipam_line
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; ipamfilter
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 160 bytes for CSV Field
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 30 Allocated 759 Kbytes for ipam_file
ipam.c:alloc_ipam_file line 38 Allocated 24 bytes for ipam_ea
ipam.c:ipam_file_filter line 331 Allocated 720 bytes for struct ipam_line
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; ipamfilter
routetocsv.c:cisco_routeconf_to_csv line 592 Allocated 128 bytes for route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; convert
routetocsv.c:cisco_routeconf_to_csv line 592 Allocated 128 bytes for route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; convert
routetocsv.c:cisco_fw_to_csv line 486 Allocated 128 bytes for route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; convert
routetocsv.c:cisco_fw_to_csv line 486 Allocated 128 bytes for route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; convert
routetocsv.c:cisco_fw_conf_to_csv line 556 Allocated 128 bytes for route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; convert
routetocsv.c:cisco_fw_conf_to_csv line 556 Allocated 128 bytes for route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; convert
routetocsv.c:cisco_route_to_csv line 348 Allocated 128 bytes for route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; convert
routetocsv.c:cisco_route_to_csv line 348 Allocated 128 bytes for route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; convert
routetocsv.c:cisco_route_to_csv line 348 Allocated 128 bytes for route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; convert
routetocsv.c:cisco_route_to_csv line 348 Allocated 128 bytes for route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; convert
routetocsv.c:cisco_route_to_csv line 348 Allocated 128 bytes for route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; convert
routetocsv.c:cisco_route_to_csv line 348 Allocated 128 bytes for route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; convert
routetocsv.c:cisco_route_to_csv line 348 Allocated 128 bytes for route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; convert
routetocsv.c:cisco_fw_to_csv line 486 Allocated 128 bytes for route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; convert
routetocsv.c:cisco_nexus_to_csv line 283 Allocated 128 bytes for route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; convert
routetocsv.c:ipso_route_to_csv line 213 Allocated 128 bytes for route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; convert
routetocsv.c:cisco_nexus_to_csv line 283 Allocated 128 bytes for route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; convert
routetocsv.c:cisco_route_to_csv line 348 Allocated 128 bytes for route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; convert
routetocsv.c:ipso_route_to_csv line 213 Allocated 128 bytes for route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; convert
routetocsv.c:ipso_route_to_csv line 213 Allocated 128 bytes for route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; convert
routetocsv.c:ipso_route_to_csv line 213 Allocated 128 bytes for route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; convert
routetocsv.c:cisco_nexus_to_csv line 283 Allocated 128 bytes for route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; convert
routetocsv.c:cisco_nexus_to_csv line 283 Allocated 128 bytes for route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; convert
routetocsv.c:palo_to_csv line 173 Allocated 128 bytes for route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; convert
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; convert
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 384 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_bgp_file line 392 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_file
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 384 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_bgp_file line 392 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_file
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; bgpcmp
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 384 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_bgp_file line 392 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_file
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; bgpprint
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 384 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_bgp_file line 392 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 160 bytes for heap
bgp_tool.c:__bgp_sort_by line 266 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for new bgp_route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; bgpsortby
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 384 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_bgp_file line 392 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 160 bytes for heap
bgp_tool.c:__bgp_sort_by line 266 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for new bgp_route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; bgpsortby
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 384 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_bgp_file line 392 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 160 bytes for heap
bgp_tool.c:__bgp_sort_by line 266 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for new bgp_route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; bgpsortby
generic_csv.c:init_csv_file line 371 Allocated 384 bytes for CSV Field
st_routes_csv.c:alloc_bgp_file line 392 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for bgp_file
heap.c:alloc_tas line 49 Allocated 160 bytes for heap
bgp_tool.c:__bgp_sort_by line 266 Allocated 5439 Kbytes for new bgp_route
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; bgpsortby
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; grep
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; ipinfo
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; ipinfo
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; ipinfo
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; ipinfo
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; ipinfo
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; ipinfo
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; ipinfo
generic_command_run: Total amout of memory still allocated 0; ipinfo
